= Sid List

List containing any type of Object intenteded to be indexed by status and id, making it easy to select all Objects for a given status, update the list, etc.

== Introduction

Sid List is a list I created for one of the servers I developed. The idea behind it was to provide a list that could easily manage any type of objects and index them by status & id and be able to load and update itself with just a command once it had been extended.

As I had previously developed MdlSql (a modular sql gem), configuring the gem as I wanted proved itself clear and easy. For example, in case I wanted to make a list of instances which would be loaded from Mysql, it would go the following way:

  require 'mdlsql'
  class InstanceList < SidList
    def load_hash	
      results = MdlSql::select.from(:instances).where(:status, 1, '>').execute
    end
    def update_hash time
      results = MdlSql::select.from(:instances).where("status > 1 AND updated_at > #{time}").execute
    end
    def new_obj obj_data
      obj = Instance.new obj_data
    end
  end

And with this I could just go straight to work with the list:

  il = InstanceList.new
  il.load
  il.ready.first # Get the first of the 'ready' instance
  il.update 

== License

Copyright (C) 2013 Sid List contributers

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

In order to contact the author of this gem, please write to sikian@gmail.com.
